src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:15:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:15:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:18:	A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:18:	A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:23:	The String literal "false" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 23
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:23:	The String literal "false" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 23
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/DevelopmentConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:25:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:25:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:38:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:38:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:41:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:41:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:44:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:44:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:47:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:47:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:50:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:50:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:53:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:53:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:56:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:56:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:57:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:57:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:57:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the appctrl field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:57:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the appctrl field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:59:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:59:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:65:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:65:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:66:	Local variable 'executor' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:66:	Local variable 'executor' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:78:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'dir' (lines '78'-'84').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:78:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'dir' (lines '78'-'84').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:78:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:78:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:82:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:82:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:84:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:84:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:85:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:85:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:92:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:92:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:95:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:95:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:96:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:96:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:96:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:96:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/Xfactory.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:14:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:14:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthSource
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthSource
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:42:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:42:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthTarget
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthTarget
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:45:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/modell/LoggingEntry.java:45:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:13:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:13:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:14:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:14:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:14:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.sql.Timestamp.valueOf' due to existing import 'java.sql.Timestamp'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:14:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.sql.Timestamp.valueOf' due to existing import 'java.sql.Timestamp'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:18:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LocalDateTimeConverter.java:18:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LoggingRepository.java:8:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LoggingRepository.java:8:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LoggingRepository.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/logging/repo/LoggingRepository.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:18:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:18:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Parameter 'xsltFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Parameter 'xsltFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:26:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Parameter 'xsltFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Parameter 'xsltFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/TransformController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:9:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:9:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:10:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:10:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:11:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:11:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/restcontroller/databean/TransformControllerData.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.Executions'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.Executions'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:13:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:13:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:36:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:36:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:38:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:38:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:47:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:47:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:48:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:48:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:60:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:60:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:60:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:60:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:64:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:64:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:65:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:65:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:65:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:65:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:76:	Parameter 'startupTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:76:	Parameter 'startupTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:88:	Parameter 'lastPingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:88:	Parameter 'lastPingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:100:	Parameter 'blocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:100:	Parameter 'blocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:112:	Parameter 'jobCounter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/ApplicationControl.java:112:	Parameter 'jobCounter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:12:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:12:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:13:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loggingRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:13:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loggingRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:16:	Parameter 'loggingentry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:16:	Parameter 'loggingentry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/LoggingService.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:23:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:23:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:37:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loggingService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:37:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loggingService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'metric'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'metric'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the metric field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the metric field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:40:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:42:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:42:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transformer' (lines '46'-'73').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transformer' (lines '46'-'73').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:46:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:46:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:49:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:50:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:50:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:53:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:53:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:76:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:76:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:76:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:76:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:78:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:78:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFileName' (lines '78'-'107').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFileName' (lines '78'-'107').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFileName' (lines '78'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFileName' (lines '78'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:79:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:79:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentNewFile' (lines '79'-'126').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentNewFile' (lines '79'-'126').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentNewFile' (lines '79'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentNewFile' (lines '79'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:80:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:80:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFileName' (lines '80'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFileName' (lines '80'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:82:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:82:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFile' (lines '82'-'108').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFile' (lines '82'-'108').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:82:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFile' (lines '82'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:82:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xsltFile' (lines '82'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:85:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:85:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transformer' (lines '85'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transformer' (lines '85'-'167').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:85:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:85:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:93:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:93:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:95:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:95:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:110:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:110:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:112:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:112:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:122:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:122:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:125:	Local variable 'contentOldFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:125:	Local variable 'contentOldFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:133:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:133:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:139:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:139:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:145:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:145:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:155:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:155:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:158:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:158:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:165:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/Transform.java:165:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:14:	The class 'TransformMetric' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.765%, NOPA=2, NOAM=14, WMC=18)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:14:	The class 'TransformMetric' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.765%, NOPA=2, NOAM=14, WMC=18)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:21:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startTime'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:21:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startTime'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'finishTime'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'finishTime'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'status'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'status'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'info'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'info'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthSource
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthSource
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'contentLengthSource'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'contentLengthSource'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthTarget
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthTarget
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:27:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'contentLengthTarget'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:27:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'contentLengthTarget'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:45:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:45:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:45:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:45:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:53:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:53:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:53:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:53:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:55:	Local variable 'loggingEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:55:	Local variable 'loggingEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:78:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:78:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:86:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:86:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:94:	Parameter 'finishTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:94:	Parameter 'finishTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:102:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:102:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:110:	Parameter 'info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:110:	Parameter 'info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthSource
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthSource
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:118:	Parameter 'contentLengthSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:118:	Parameter 'contentLengthSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthTarget
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentLengthTarget
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:126:	Parameter 'contentLengthTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/TransformMetric.java:126:	Parameter 'contentLengthTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileInputStream'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileInputStream'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileNotFoundException'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileNotFoundException'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'ch.qos.logback.core.util.FileUtil'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'ch.qos.logback.core.util.FileUtil'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:25:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'bytesRead'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:25:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'bytesRead'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:28:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:28:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:28:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:28:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:28:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:28:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:31:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:31:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:31:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:31:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:31:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:31:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:35:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:35:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:35:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:35:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:44:	Local variable 'dirs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:44:	Local variable 'dirs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:45:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:45:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:49:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:49:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:53:	Parameter 'pathString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:53:	Parameter 'pathString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:54:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:54:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:58:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:58:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:63:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:63:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '67'-'70').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '67'-'70').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:67:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:67:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:69:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:69:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:71:	Local variable 'orgFileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:71:	Local variable 'orgFileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:78:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:78:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:85:	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:85:	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:91:	Parameter 'slot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:91:	Parameter 'slot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:97:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:97:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:103:	Parameter 'fullFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:103:	Parameter 'fullFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:106:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:106:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:109:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:109:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:109:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:109:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:112:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:112:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:115:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFile.java:115:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'slot' (lines '21'-'31').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'slot' (lines '21'-'31').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'slot' (lines '21'-'31').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'slot' (lines '21'-'31').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:21:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coll' (lines '23'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coll' (lines '23'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coll' (lines '23'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coll' (lines '23'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Local variable 'coll' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:23:	Local variable 'coll' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:26:	Local variable 'slotList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:26:	Local variable 'slotList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:28:	Local variable 'slot' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:28:	Local variable 'slot' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '31'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '31'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '31'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '31'-'48').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Local variable 'fileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:31:	Local variable 'fileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:33:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:33:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:39:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:39:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:40:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/TransformFileService.java:40:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'DATEFORMAT'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'DATEFORMAT'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:21:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fileFilterRegexDone
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fileFilterRegexDone
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fileFilterRegexJob
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fileFilterRegexJob
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'fileFilterRegexJob'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'fileFilterRegexJob'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformFileService
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformFileService
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:42:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:42:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'doneFile' (lines '47'-'54').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'doneFile' (lines '47'-'54').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobFile' (lines '47'-'73').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobFile' (lines '47'-'73').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:45:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:45:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:49:	Local variable 'doneFileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:49:	Local variable 'doneFileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:50:	Local variable 'doneFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:50:	Local variable 'doneFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:52:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:52:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:54:	Local variable 'orgFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:54:	Local variable 'orgFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:59:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:59:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:63:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:63:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:69:	Local variable 'jobFileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:69:	Local variable 'jobFileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:70:	Local variable 'jobFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:70:	Local variable 'jobFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:72:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/Cleaner.java:72:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:18:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:18:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformFileService
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformFileService
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:41:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:41:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:42:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:42:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:42:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the appctrl field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:42:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the appctrl field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:45:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:45:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:51:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'transformFile' (lines '51'-'70').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:51:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'transformFile' (lines '51'-'70').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:57:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:57:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:61:	Local variable 'fileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:61:	Local variable 'fileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:62:	Local variable 'transformFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:62:	Local variable 'transformFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:66:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:66:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:73:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:73:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:81:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:81:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:82:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:82:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:88:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/file/worker/PickupAndStart.java:88:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformFileService.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformFileService.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformFileService.java:9:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformFileService.java:9:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformFileService.java:9:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFiles': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformFileService.java:9:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFiles': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.LocalDateTime'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.LocalDateTime'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:5:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:5:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:7:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:7:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:7:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'start': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:7:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'start': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:8:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:8:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:8:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'finish': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:8:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'finish': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:10:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:10:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:10:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDuration': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/services/interfaces/ITransformMetric.java:10:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDuration': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.file.Path'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.file.Path'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.core.env.Environment'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.core.env.Environment'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.stereotype.Component'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.stereotype.Component'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:26:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:26:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:27:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:27:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:38:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:38:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:48:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:48:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'keyword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'keyword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:61:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:61:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '63'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '63'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '63'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '63'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:63:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '66'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '66'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '66'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileList' (lines '66'-'81').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:66:	Local variable 'fileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:66:	Local variable 'fileList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:68:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:68:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:74:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:74:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:75:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:75:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:76:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:76:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:85:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:85:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:85:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:85:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:104:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:104:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/FileServiceImpl.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:12:	The class 'LibFile' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=6.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=16)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:12:	The class 'LibFile' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=6.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=16)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	Private field 'sdf' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	Private field 'sdf' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:23:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:25:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:25:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:25:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:25:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:27:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:27:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:27:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:27:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:39:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:39:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:46:	Parameter 'fileSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:46:	Parameter 'fileSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:52:	Parameter 'timestamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:52:	Parameter 'timestamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:58:	Parameter 'fileSizeFormated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:58:	Parameter 'fileSizeFormated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:64:	Parameter 'lastMofified' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:64:	Parameter 'lastMofified' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:70:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:70:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:74:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:74:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:78:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/LibFile.java:78:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:23:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:23:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:40:	Field startStop has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:40:	Field startStop has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:43:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'shutdown'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:43:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'shutdown'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:43:	Field shutdown has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:43:	Field shutdown has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:47:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:47:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:50:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:50:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:55:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:55:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:61:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:61:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:69:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:69:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:76:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:76:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:88:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/AppControlController.java:88:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.lang.Library'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.lang.Library'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Button'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Button'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:28:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:28:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:46:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:46:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:48:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:48:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:54:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:54:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:63:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:63:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:63:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:63:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:75:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:75:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:84:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:84:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:98:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:98:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:110:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/FileController.java:110:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:23:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:23:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/IndexController.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.select.annotation.WireVariable'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.select.annotation.WireVariable'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.services.ApplicationControl'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.services.ApplicationControl'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:18:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:18:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:18:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/ShutdownController.java:18:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.image.Image'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.image.Image'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:27:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:27:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:38:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:38:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:41:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:41:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:45:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:45:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:49:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:49:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:49:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:49:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '51'-'59').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '51'-'59').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:57:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:57:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:63:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:63:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:73:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:73:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:80:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:80:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:85:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:85:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:99:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:99:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:99:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XMLBeautifyController.java:99:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.lang.Library'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.lang.Library'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.Executions'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.Executions'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.event.Events'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zk.ui.event.Events'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Button'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Button'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Div'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Div'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Label'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Label'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.ListModelList'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.ListModelList'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Listbox'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.Listbox'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.ui.LibFile'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.ui.LibFile'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.ui.FileServiceImpl'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.ui.FileServiceImpl'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:38:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:38:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:46:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:46:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:49:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:49:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:52:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'startButton'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:52:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'startButton'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:52:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:52:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:55:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:55:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:58:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:58:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:62:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:62:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:65:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:65:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:69:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:69:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:69:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:69:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '71'-'74').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '71'-'74').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '71'-'79').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '71'-'79').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:77:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:77:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:83:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:83:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:93:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:93:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:100:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:100:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:105:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:105:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:110:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:110:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:114:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:114:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:122:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:122:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:127:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:127:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:140:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:140:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:140:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XpathWorkbenchController.java:140:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.image.Image'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.image.Image'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.South'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.zkoss.zul.South'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:28:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:28:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:33:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:39:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:46:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:46:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:51:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:51:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '53'-'56').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '53'-'56').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '53'-'61').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '53'-'61').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:59:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:59:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:65:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:65:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:75:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:75:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '77'-'80').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '77'-'80').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '77'-'85').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '77'-'85').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:83:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:83:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:89:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:89:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:99:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:99:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:106:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:106:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:119:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:119:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:123:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:123:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:131:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:131:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:135:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:135:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:143:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:143:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:143:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsdValidatorController.java:143:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:29:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:29:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:40:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:44:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:44:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:48:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:48:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:48:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:48:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '50'-'53').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '50'-'53').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '50'-'58').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '50'-'58').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:56:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:56:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:72:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:72:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:72:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:72:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '74'-'77').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '74'-'77').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '74'-'82').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '74'-'82').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:80:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:80:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:86:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:86:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:96:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:96:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:104:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:104:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:108:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:108:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:115:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:115:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:119:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:119:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:128:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:128:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:130:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:130:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:134:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:134:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:137:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:137:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:142:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:142:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:142:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:142:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:158:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:158:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:158:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/controller/XsltWorkbenchController.java:158:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:16:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:16:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:17:	The class 'XmlBeautifierService' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=11)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:17:	The class 'XmlBeautifierService' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=11)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xml'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xml'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'error'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'error'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:25:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'result'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:25:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'result'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errorMessage'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errorMessage'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'duration'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'duration'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:30:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:30:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:33:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:33:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:33:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:33:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:37:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:37:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:37:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:37:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:43:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:43:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:48:	Local variable 'serializer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:48:	Local variable 'serializer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:55:	Local variable 'xmlSource' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:55:	Local variable 'xmlSource' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:56:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:56:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:61:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:61:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:83:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XmlBeautifierService.java:83:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:24:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:24:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:25:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:25:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:25:	The class 'XpathEvaluatorService' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=16.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=17)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:25:	The class 'XpathEvaluatorService' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=16.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=17)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:28:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:28:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:30:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xml'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:30:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xml'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:31:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'error'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:31:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'error'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:32:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xPath'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:32:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xPath'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:34:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'result'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:34:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'result'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:34:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:35:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errorMessage'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:35:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errorMessage'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:37:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'duration'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:37:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'duration'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:37:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:39:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:39:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:42:	Parameter 'xPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:42:	Parameter 'xPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:42:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:42:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:47:	Parameter 'xPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:47:	Parameter 'xPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:47:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:47:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:47:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:47:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:52:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:52:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:54:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:54:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:64:	Local variable 'builderFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:64:	Local variable 'builderFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:65:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:65:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlDocument' (lines '66'-'91').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlDocument' (lines '66'-'91').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xPathObj' (lines '68'-'91').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xPathObj' (lines '68'-'91').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:70:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:70:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:75:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:75:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:78:	Local variable 'nodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:78:	Local variable 'nodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:81:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:81:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:93:	Parameter 'nodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:93:	Parameter 'nodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:94:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'source' (lines '94'-'113').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:94:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'source' (lines '94'-'113').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:94:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:94:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:95:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:95:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '96'-'113').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '96'-'113').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:96:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:96:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:108:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:108:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:124:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:124:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:132:	Parameter 'xPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XpathEvaluatorService.java:132:	Parameter 'xPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:16:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:16:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:17:	The class 'XsdValidatorService' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=18.182%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=12)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:17:	The class 'XsdValidatorService' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=18.182%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=12)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'LOG'.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xml'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xml'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xsd'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xsd'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:25:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'error'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:25:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'error'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:27:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errorMessage'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:27:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errorMessage'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:29:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'duration'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:29:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'duration'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:31:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:31:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:31:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:31:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:35:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:35:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:35:	Parameter 'xsd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:35:	Parameter 'xsd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:40:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:40:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:40:	Parameter 'xsd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:40:	Parameter 'xsd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:47:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:47:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:49:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:49:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:51:	Local variable 'schemaFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:51:	Local variable 'schemaFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:54:	Local variable 'schema' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:54:	Local variable 'schema' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:56:	Local variable 'validator' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:56:	Local variable 'validator' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:63:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:63:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:65:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:65:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:80:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:80:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:88:	Parameter 'xsd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsdValidatorService.java:88:	Parameter 'xsd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:13:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:13:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:13:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findAll': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:13:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findAll': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:15:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:15:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:15:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'search': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:15:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'search': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:17:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:17:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:17:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addNewFile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:17:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addNewFile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:19:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteFile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/ui/services/XsltFileService.java:19:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteFile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:14:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:14:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'file'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'file'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:24:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'statusName' (lines '24'-'27').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:24:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'statusName' (lines '24'-'27').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:24:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:24:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:28:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:28:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:41:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:41:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:52:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:52:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:57:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:57:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:63:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'statusName' (lines '63'-'65').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:63:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'statusName' (lines '63'-'65').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:63:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:63:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:65:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/FileSemaphore.java:65:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.services.file.TransformFile'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'de.semsoft.xfactory.services.file.TransformFile'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:14:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:14:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:14:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:14:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:17:	Local variable 'dbFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:17:	Local variable 'dbFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:21:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:21:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'doc' (lines '22'-'28').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'doc' (lines '22'-'28').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:23:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:23:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XMLUtils.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.file.Paths'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.file.Paths'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:16:	Private field 'factory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:16:	Private field 'factory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:20:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:20:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:26:	Parameter 'xmlFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:26:	Parameter 'xmlFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:26:	Parameter 'xslFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:26:	Parameter 'xslFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:26:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:26:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:27:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:27:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:34:	Parameter 'xmlFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:34:	Parameter 'xmlFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:34:	Parameter 'xslFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:34:	Parameter 'xslFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:34:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:34:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:35:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:35:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:42:	Parameter 'xmlFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:42:	Parameter 'xmlFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:42:	Parameter 'xslFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:42:	Parameter 'xslFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:42:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:43:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:43:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:43:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:43:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Parameter 'xsl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Parameter 'xsl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:50:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:53:	Local variable 'template' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:53:	Local variable 'template' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:54:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:54:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:57:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:57:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:59:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to wrap it in a new instance of the same type of exception and throw it should be avoided
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:59:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to wrap it in a new instance of the same type of exception and throw it should be avoided
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:60:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:60:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:65:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:65:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:65:	Parameter 'xslFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:65:	Parameter 'xslFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:65:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:65:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:70:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:70:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:77:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:77:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:77:	Parameter 'xsl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:77:	Parameter 'xsl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:77:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:77:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '79'-'91').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '79'-'91').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:81:	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:81:	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:82:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:82:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:83:	Local variable 'tFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:83:	Local variable 'tFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:84:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:84:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:85:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamSource' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:85:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamSource' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:88:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamSource' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:88:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamSource' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:89:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:89:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '91'-'94').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '91'-'94').
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:92:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:92:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:94:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:94:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:101:	Parameter 'doc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:101:	Parameter 'doc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:101:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:101:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:105:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:105:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformerFactory
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformerFactory
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:107:	Local variable 'transformerFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:107:	Local variable 'transformerFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:108:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:108:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:110:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:110:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult' due to existing import 'javax.xml.transform.stream.*'
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:113:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:113:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:114:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/util/XSLTransformer.java:114:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:10:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:19:	Document empty method body
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:19:	Document empty method body
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:19:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:19:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/de/semsoft/xfactory/XfactoryApplicationTests.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
